Experimental-loader: add exportsOnly mode for transform loader (#1238)
wix/stylable: packages/experimental-loader/README.md

interface LoaderOptions {
  resolveNamespace?(namespace: string, filePath: string): string;
  filterUrls?(url: string, ctx: loader.LoaderContext): boolean;

>   exportsOnly: boolean;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  exportsOnly?: boolean;
```

}
```

| Option             | Description                                   |
| ------------------ | --------------------------------------------- |
| `resolveNamespace` | override default stylesheet namespace process |
| `filterUrls`       | filter urls from webpack process              |
| `exportsOnly`      | only export the runtime stylesheet            |

## SSR (exportsOnly)

> Sometimes for server pre-rendering build, you don't want to extract css for stylable files and only export the runtime stylesheet. For that case you only need the `transform` loader and enable `exportsOnly` mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When building Stylable for consumption in a server-side renderer build, you may want to extract only the exports of the runtime stylesheets and not the content of their CSS. In such a case you would only require the `transform` loader and to enable the `exportsOnly` mode.
```
